Now we have a connection to the database.
We executed a SQL query,
and it's time to process the results.
The results are held in a result set object.
A result set object maintains a cursor pointing to its current row of data.
Initially, the cursor is positioned just before the first row.
The next method moves the cursor to the next row.
Because it returns false when there are no more rows in the result set object,
it can be used inside a while loop to iterate through the results set.
Needless to say, the result set object should also be wrapped in a try-block.
Inside the while loop,
we can use the corresponding get method for the column type to read its value.
We know that orderID is an integer.
So we use getInt.
Customer Name is a wildcard,
which translates to a string in Java.
So we use getString.
You can also read column values by their index in the query.
Let's see if it prints the ID and the name.
It did. We can exit to MySQL,
executed the SQL query and, process the results.
We have now completed the three basic steps of database interactions.